what's up guys this is my unboxing of
the q Nick's evolution too it's a 2560 x
1440 Korean IPS monitor or pls monitor
actually it's made by the panel is made
by samsung wqhd with stands for wide
quad HD because 2560 x 1440 is a
resolution that's about four times more
high res than 720p if we look at the
specs here we can see that it's 2560
which is 1440p the brightness I think
that's the brightness no that's a
contrast ratio 1001 brightness is a 300
CD I'm not too sure about the rough
response time here in since 12
milliseconds but on top of here it says
six mil milliseconds great agree which I
think I trust more because six
milliseconds but I've been seen comes
with tilt feature it's eco-friendly it
only contains about 31 watts which is
really good considering other monitors
consuming me about 60 and LED backlit so
let's get right into this tab okay the
second tab open all right okay what do
we have here okay so
alright so there's a table for the
speakers the power cable looks kind of
like the Korean cut power cable I think
I'll just use my own cable that's what
others have been doing the power adapter
it's a little bit small but it's all
right and this is the DVI dual cable
which shall be meeting for connecting my
monitor its kind of short but have to
deal with it and here they have that's
in Korean that's helpful all right in
the monitor itself so i'm just going to
cut down the camera person i like sorry
if motion you this cuz oh man wow is
this gonna work think I'll just flip it
upside down
yes we'll do it all right so um honor
monitor itself is quite thin as you can
see here my hand is about two fingers
length take this other piece of rubber
off styrofoam rather all right yeah it
comes with base amounts and if this
whole thing what else prepare to see
okay well there's not much to show here
anymore but the last thing I think
there's a few buttons yeah it's pretty
much it see you guys later yeah sorry no
okay yeah so some specs before I leave
yep